fixed comment typo (#85)
daviddalpiaz/appliedstats: cat-int.Rmd

One method would be to simply create a new variable, then fit a model like any other.

```{r, eval = FALSE}

> autompg$x3 = autompg$disp * autompg$domestic # THIS CODE DOES NOT RUN!

Reviewer: How about instead of `does`, we use `is`?

```suggestion
autompg$x3 = autompg$disp * autompg$domestic # THIS CODE IS NOT RUN!
do_not_do_this = lm(mpg ~ disp + domestic + x3, data = autompg) # THIS CODE IS NOT RUN!
```
